The Civil War was about slavery and states' rights. Lincoln got elected, the South attacked Fort Sumter, there were big battles, the slaves got freed, and the North won but the South was broke after.

Slavery, states' rights issues, and North vs South differences caused the Civil War. Lincoln's election, attack on Fort Sumter, battles like Gettysburg, freeing slaves, and Confederate surrender happened. The North won, slavery ended, but the South was poor after.

Slavery, states' rights fights, and North-South differences made the Civil War happen. Lincoln elected, South attacked Fort Sumter, big battles happened, slaves freed, Confederates gave up. North won, no more slavery, but South got broke.

The reasons for the Civil War were slavery, states' rights arguments, and differences between North and South. Important events were Lincoln elected, attack on Fort Sumter, big battles like Gettysburg, slaves freed, and Confederates surrendered. North won, slavery over, but South got poor.

Slavery was the main cause of the Civil War, along with states' rights disagreements and North-South differences. Lincoln became president, South attacked Fort Sumter, major battles occurred, slaves were freed, and Confederates lost. North won, no more slavery, but South became poor.

The Civil War happened because of slavery, fights over states' rights, and the North being different from the South. Lincoln got elected, the South attacked Fort Sumter, there were huge battles, slaves got freed, and the Confederates surrendered. The North won but wrecked the South's economy.

Slavery, arguments about states' rights, and the differences between North and South regions led to the Civil War. Lincoln became president, the attack on Fort Sumter started it, big battles like Gettysburg happened, slaves were freed, and the Confederates lost. The North won but ruined the Southern economy.


The main reasons for the Civil War were slavery, states' rights issues, and the North being different from the South economically and socially. Lincoln's election, the attack on Fort Sumter, major battles, freeing the slaves, and the Confederate surrender were key events. The North won but left the South poor.

Slavery, disagreements over states having rights, and the differences between Northern and Southern areas of the country caused the Civil War. Lincoln winning the election, the Confederate attack on Fort Sumter, huge battles happening, slaves getting freed, and the Confederates giving up were important events. The North won but ruined the Southern economy.

The Civil War started because of slavery, fights about states' rights, and the Northern and Southern parts of the country being very different. Important stuff that happened was Lincoln becoming president, the Confederates attacking Fort Sumter, big battles with a lot of fighting, freeing the slaves, and the Confederates finally surrendering. The North won the war but made the South very poor after.